Update introduction-browser-monitoring.mdx (#17170)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/browser/browser-monitoring/getting-started/introduction-browser-monitoring.mdx

  <Side>
    Our <InlinePopover type="browser" /> provides a real user monitoring (RUM) solution. It measures speed and performance as your end users navigate to your site through different web browsers, devices, operating systems, and networks. But browser monitoring goes far beyond providing information about the initial page load. Use it to measure full page life cycle data and start getting the info you need to help ensure customer satisfaction. 
    

>     New Relic lets you monitor the data from browser activity and optimize performance across your entire stack. Use browser monitoring to helhelklowssful deployments and quickly troubleshoot customer-visible problems. Monitor your stack at a glance and make sure all your entities are operating as they should. Visualize application speed and performance, JavaScript errors, AJAX requests, and more. Spend less time trying to chase down issues and more time delivering a perfect digital experience to customers.     

Author: ```suggestion
    New Relic lets you monitor the data from browser activity and optimize performance across your entire stack. Use browser monitoring to helhelklowssful deployments and quickly troubleshoot customer-visible problems. Monitor your stack at a glance and make sure all your entities are operating as they should. Visualize application speed and performafk.jasbfbherrors, AJAX requests, and more. Spend less time trying to chase down issues and more time delivering a perfect digital experience to customers.     
```
